In the last lecture we made our routeing work we added routes and we gave Angerer a place to load our
currently active component.
But one issue we have is right now we can only navigate around by manually typing it here in the address
bar.
Not super convenient.
And while it is important to be able to load a route directly from the address bar it would also be
nice to have some working links here an hour an invigoration to have these tabs work.
So let's add some links to our application and if we go to our app component we see here's our navigation.
The first thing you might think about is hey we can or we already have this ref attribute here to be
precise.
So here we could have ref well just slash to load a route route.
Here we could have Slash servers and here we could have Slash users.
And if we now save this we add it all the routes tipoffs we set up in our route's configuration to our
navigation here.
And hence if this reloads and we click the taps hey this is indeed working.
Now we are correctly loading the route you want to load.
OK.
Just Tabor's not updated but I will come back to this later.
But the reloading is working and that's the issue.
It's reloading the app which does reload I can your do you see this.
We refreshed the app with every link we click.
And that's the natural behavior because with every link we click and you request gets sent to the server
and it returns as a new page.
And since this page is still our angular app we have the route's registered on it.
It is able to give us the correct route.
So the same thing happens as if we entered this manually here.
That however is not the best behavior because it means it restarts our app on every navigation.
That of course means our whole application state will be lost and it might not really be the behavior
we want to offer to the user.
So this is not how you should implement navigation How should you implement it.
Then there is a special directive angular gives us let's get rid of all these ref attributes here.
So this is not how we will navigate around.
Instead let's use this special directive.
It's called router link now.
Router link like this simply is able to parse a string whether it could pass just slash So just this
string slash to router link here.
Now this will tell annular that this element on which router link is placed here just anchored to secure
will serve as a link in the end but it will händler click differently as you will see in a second.
Let's now also add this to the service links a router link eclipse slash servers.
And now we'll come back to how you may write the POF here in the next lecture and novel way of using
router link is with property binding so you can enclose it in square brackets.
And now of course you can't just pass slash users here because as with our search for a property with
that name which would even be an invalid name in Javascript.
So now you have to pass a string here with Singler quotation marks.
Or better an array which gives you a more fine grained control over out the link and it will come back
to this later.
When does this especially useful here in this array.
You now specify all the segments of your POV as elements in this array.
So the first segment in this case is only a string slash users.
And if you had slash users slash something you would have a second element here which is then just something
without a slash leadings last year is only needed to make this an absolute pop and it will come back
to this in the next lecture.
For now we'll get rid of this.
Now this array notation is not super convenient but soon you will see when it really gives you an advantage
or when you need this notation it allows you to construct more complex pops very easily.
So with this we set up our feelings using réal drooling error by passing a string or this array which
allows us to define our individual POV elements with that if we save this and have a look at our application.
Now you see it's still relo it's or it's still it gives us two components but it doesn't reload the
page.
If you watch just reload I can.
Nothing is happening there because the router link catches to click on the element prevents the default
which would be to send the request and instead analyzes what we passed your to the router link directive.
So this path forward this array of POV elements and then parses it and checks if it finds a fitting
route in our configuration which of course does because we defined all the POS we're using here.
And this is how we can navigate around with our router link.
And this actually is how we shoat navigate around because it gives us a better user experience.
It doesn't restart our app therefore it keeps the app state and it's much faster than reloading the
page all the time.
You can of course still type something here manually.
So that will still work.
But if you are inside of the app using router link is much better.